vertexShader: passthrough.vert
fragmentShader: passthrough.frag

numbObjects: 3



objectName: Sun
objectModel: sun.obj
objectTexture: sun.jpg
distanceFromSun: 0
diameter: 12756
rotationPeriodHours: 0
orbitPeriodDays: 0
moonOf: none

objectName: Mercury
objectModel: mercury.obj
objectTexture: mercury.jpg
distanceFromSun: 57.9
diameter: 4879
rotationPeriodHours: 1407.6
orbitPeriodDays: 88.0
moonOf: none

objectName: Venus
objectModel: venus.obj
objectTexture: venus.jpg
distanceFromSun: 108.2
diameter: 12104
rotationPeriodHours: -5832.5
orbitPeriodDays: 224.7
moonOf: none

objectName: Earth
objectModel: earth.obj
objectTexture: earth.jpg
distanceFromSun: 149.6
diameter: 12756
rotationPeriodHours: 23.9
orbitPeriodDays: 365.25
moonOf: none


objectName: Mars
objectModel: mars.obj
objectTexture: mars.jpg
distanceFromSun: 227.9
diameter: 6792
rotationPeriodHours: 24.6
orbitPeriodDays: 687
moonOf: none

objectName: Jupiter
objectModel: jupiter.obj
objectTexture: jupiter.jpg
distanceFromSun: 778.6
diameter: 142984
rotationPeriodHours: 9.9
orbitPeriodDays: 4331
moonOf: none

objectName: Saturn
objectModel: saturn.obj
objectTexture: saturn.jpg
distanceFromSun: 1433.5
diameter: 120536
rotationPeriodHours: 10.7
orbitPeriodDays: 10747
moonOf: none

objectName: Satring
objectModel: satring.obj
objectTexture: satring.jpg
distanceFromSun: 149.6
diameter: 12756
rotationPeriodHours: 23.9
orbitPeriodDays: 365.25
moonOf: none

objectName: Uranus
objectModel: uranus.obj
objectTexture: uranus.jpg
distanceFromSun: 2872.5
diameter: 51118
rotationPeriodHours: -17.2
orbitPeriodDays: 30589
moonOf: none

objectName: Neptune
objectModel: neptune.obj
objectTexture: neptune.jpg
distanceFromSun: 4495.1
diameter: 49528
rotationPeriodHours: 16.1
orbitPeriodDays: 59800
moonOf: none

objectName: Pluto
objectModel: pluto.obj
objectTexture: pluto.jpg
distanceFromSun: 5906.4
diameter: 2370
rotationPeriodHours: -153.3
orbitPeriodDays: 90560
moonOf: none
